Include information about borrowed values in command.md (#1214)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/features/command.md

> # Communication between Rust and the Frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Calling Rust from the frontend
```

Please revert this for now as it doesn't look good in the sidebar since it's the only item taking up multiple lines:
![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30730186/232746267-359644e8-f5bf-4882-8e30-b31a71f398a8.png)

We could revisit this in the new docs in the future.

Author: Yep, didn't notice that, thanks. Changing title back now...

Author: Committed!

## Async Commands

Asynchronous functions are benefical in Tauri to perform heavy work in a manner that doesn't result in UI freezes or slowdowns.

:::note

Async commands are executed on a separate thread using [`async_runtime::spawn`].
Commands without the _async_ keyword are executed on the main thread unless defined with _#[tauri::command(async)]_.

:::

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
```

Let it take the user's attention :D

Author: :D

> You need to be careful when creating asynchronous functions using Tauri. Currently, you cannot include types that are borrowed, such as those with the & symbol, in the constructor of an asynchronous function. Some common examples of types like this are `&str` and `State<'_, Data>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to be careful when creating asynchronous functions using Tauri. Currently, you cannot include borrowed arguments in the signature of an asynchronous function. Some common examples of types like this are `&str` and `State<'_, Data>`.
```

My main issue with this one is `such as those with the & symbol` and `constructor`. "constructor" is just wrong in this context afaik, and "such as those with the & symbol" sounds a bit too weird imo, even though i see how that would help beginners understand what we're talking about.

Author: Definitely, sounds a lot better than fluid. I think `constructor` is the name for function signatures in Kotlin, got my language lingo a bit mixed up there, thanks.

Author: Commited!

:::

> If your command needs to run asynchronously, simply declare it as `async`, and resolve any issues with borrowed types.
> 
> When working with borrowed types, there are two main options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your command needs to run asynchronously, simply declare it as `async`.

When working with borrowed types, you have to make additional changes. These are your two main options:
```

Not quite happy with my suggestion but i hope you're getting the idea.

Author: I think the suggestion is great, makes it more fluid. :D

Author: Committed!

> **Option 1**: Convert the type, such as `&str` to a similar type that is not borrowed, such as `String`. This won't work for all types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Option 1**: Convert the type, such as `&str` to a similar type that is not borrowed, such as `String`. This may not work for all types.
```

Author: I think may not works better, thanks. Committed!

*Example:*

```rust

> // Declare the constructor using String instead of &str, as &str is borrowed and thus unsupported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Declare the async function using String instead of &str, as &str is borrowed and thus unsupported
```

Author: Again, got my Kotlin and my Rust lingo mixed up, constructor definitely doesn't fit well there, thanks. Committed!

#[tauri::command]
async fn my_custom_command(value: String) {
  // Call another async function and wait for it to finish
  let result = some_async_function(value).await;
  println!("Result: {}", result);
}
```

> **Option 2**: Wrap the return type in a Result. This one is a bit harder to implement, but works for all types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Option 2**: Wrap the return type in a Result. This one is a bit harder to implement, but should work for all types.
```

Author: Again, should work sounds a lot better. Committed! Thanks

> If you have no return type, like in our function, use the return type `Result<(), ()>`. Otherwise, use the return type `Result<bool, ()>`, replacing `bool` with whatever type you wish to return.

Reviewer: I think we need to be a bit more explicit that this is only if you don't want to return any actual errors from the command.

Author: Hmm... I've fixed that just now, but I think my English is a bit clunky.

*Example:*

```rust
// Return a Result<(), ()> to bypass the borrowing issue
#[tauri::command]
async fn my_custom_command(value: &str) -> Result<(), ()> {
  // Call another async function and wait for it to finish
  let result = some_async_function(value).await;
  println!("Result: {}", result);
}
```

> **Invoking from JS:** Since invoking the command from JS already returns a promise, it works just like any other command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Invoking from JS

Since invoking the command from JS already returns a promise, it works just like any other command:
```

Author: That markdown looks better, thanks.

```js

> invoke('my_custom_command', {value: "Hello, Async!"}).then(() => console.log('Completed!'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invoke('my_custom_command', { value: "Hello, Async!" }).then(() => console.log('Completed!'))
```
I know that's really picky but i have to 😂

Author: It does look nicer...
